Well, I need help you know troubleshooting that to see why it's
failing. There's a there's approximately 3000 databases that.
needs to be backed up everyday.

we'd like a one week full full backup once a week and then every
day have incremental backups.

then on the B. E. M. Are you familiar with B. E. M.

So one thing strange is we install the BM, but none of the servers
are showing up here VBR.

so we need another troubleshooting step here to figure out what's
going on.

I see

0. K So that's kind of troubleshooting problem number two.

And then after this is well, I'd like you to take a look at this system
to see.
We've kind of configured the jobs properly and indefinitely, right?
Because 3000 databases, that's all. It's a lot of data, right? Thanks.
So we're doing that most efficiently. And then once, once those two
problems are resolved, then we need to be able to configure the
BM so that they can host the the endpoints, right?

for the A. P. I. S. So through a. P. I. We need from the same network.
We need for another application to access access the the A. P. I. To
do individual backups and individual store.

to specific restore points of the database.
Is that something you've done before

//st
Yeah, yeah. I thought it really worked with the being enterprise
manager

I've already setting up a secure access for internal applications. Also,
configure API token base authentication, adjusting headers like
accept and coding with G zip and manage endpoints such as jobs.
We start points and also obsessions for automated operations. So I
have a background with working with being API.
//en

Excellent. So As a part of this project, I'd like you to if you have sample code or
through postman or something like that to be able to make a
request to to the through the A. P. I. Okay and and specify a specific
database out of 3001. of the databases out of 3000 at to a specific
restore point and then restore it and.

and then same thing with the backups. Select a particular database
out of 3000 and say back it up okay. Yeah, so that's the that's the
scope here, right? So phase one phase 1 is to fix and configure
properly

I'm sorry not configure but fix and kind of look at the overall
backupjobs and see if they're efficient and student line them and
then step 2 phase 2 is to is to set up the hosting of the A. P. I. And then be able to
demonstrate that the A. P. I. Can be integrated to to perform stores
and backups.

//st
in case you understand. Well, what I see is that well.

I see that. Well, I have in mind some key components that maybe
we need to configure in the project. Okay, first of all, the BM
backup and replication

We should define and schedule a backupjobs for all the databases
that you're telling me. And also.

for me, I think that we should have ABM or a backup enterprise
manager to set up and expose restful way PIN points

Also with this have some security configure authentication, possibly
using bureau tokens or Windows credentials

and to restore workflows like automated wrists and well automated
tests restarts the specific points via the I. P. I. That's what I have in
mind right now

//en

So based on that scope, can you provide a document that gives me
the the scope, the timeline, as well as.

a cost? Of course
//st
I can. I can make it and give it to you so you can see like a proposal
for for the project. OK, when do you think I can have that?

let me. Well, first of all, I have some questions to make you to make
this proposal and have it all with clear information.

from the beginning. I have like eight questions. I don't know if you
have any problem with that. No, that's fine. Right. 0. K. Well, let me
have my notes right here.

The first of all is, are the SQ databases distributed across multiple
servers orjust in a single instance?
//en
single.
Okay. Another one is, is there already an existing backupjob
structure? Or should this be built from scratch

There's already existing backup jobs, but like I mentioned, one of
the 4 is failing right now. We need to figure out why. Maybe we
need to see what's happening now and have some changes in that.
Okay.

Another thing is that will the api be accessed by a single application
or multiple systems?

Currently single, but I would think if you can access it from a single,
you should be able to access from mobile, multiple, right? Yeah.
Well, yeah, yeah. This could happen also
Also, do you need in terrible backups, like worm or of loading into
object storage like history?

No, okay, okay. Great. And the last one is that, is there a
requirement for compliance that affects potential? Hold on a 2nd.
So that last question we have, we have a beam cloud that is.

taking the backups and and streaming them across to a different d.,
r., 0. That

'5 already in place

0. K O. K. Great. And just the last one is that do you want a backup
and restore metrics exposed to a dashboard? I can make it in
Grafana or another custom Ul.

That in BM.

yeah, yeah, yeah. But also, you've wanted, like, in another place, I
could make it with no problem.

It's not a part of this original scope. Maybe later.

Great. So, yeah, that's all my questions for you, Jonathan. OK, great.
So you think you could have this proposal soon? Yeah, yeah, of
course. With all these questions already answered, I can start
working in in the proposal right now

And as soon as l have it, I will text you and let you know to all these
things that we just discussed. You've done before. Okay, great. How
how old are you, Andreas? 75. I'm 2525.

Oh my God. Yeah, I know. I look a lot younger, right?
So are you sure you have experience? Yeah, I have 9 years of
experience with all of this. Excellent. All right. And you're in Mexico.
Yeah.

Yeah, Mexican. So. So we're in the same time zone. I'm in California.
Great. That's great. Yeah. Okay very good. All right, then I'll. When
do you think you could have the proposal by tomorrow?

Maybe tomorrow. But I would try to have it for today. 0 that'd be
even better. Yeah. O. K. I'm trying to. I'm trying to finalize interviews
and hire somebody by tomorrow. 0. K.

I see. Alright.

I'll just anything else.
For me. Okay, I'll look forward to your proposal then. Great. Well,